[Music]
cold cannon is as
heartening as it gets perfect to serve
alongside
heavenly slow cooked pork hand and
spraying
or shoulder is a traditional cut of meat
not at all popular because
it has this big bone in but slow roasted
it's perfect
start with onions and garlic sage and
bay leaf
all in the bottom of a roasting tin
score the skin
sprinkle on some salt and rub in a
little oil
[Music]
into the pan on top of those herbs and
onion and garlic
add hot stock that's going to make it
beautifully moist
and also partly make the gravy place in
the oven at 200 fan to give it a good
start what i like about something like
roast pork
as soon as the family come in they'll
begin sort of
sniffing and say oh we can't wait for
lunch that wonderful smell
of a family roast it's very comforting
after about 45 minutes just turn the
temperature down to 130 fan
and leave for another three hours i love
a slow roast
it's particularly good if you have a
family that are sometimes a little bit
late for lunch
it just cooks to perfection it does it
without any attention
now for my simple coal cannon
melt a knob of butter in a hot pan with
two tablespoons
each of cream and milk throw in the
boiled potatoes
turn off the heat and start mashing i
like a fairly soft mash for the cocannon
to get on top of it and press it down
until it's beautifully smooth
that's a beautiful creamy mash
but to make it even better spring onions
and cabbage
so first of all a generous huge knob of
butter in there
cook these gorgeous green vegetables for
about five minutes
before adding the mash gosh that's great
isn't it i could eat it
right now on its own
it's one of the simplest things in life
and it is
so delicious the slow cooked pork
is now ready to make some super crackly
crackling
there it is now it doesn't look like
crackling at the moment
but you wait till it's been in a nice
hot oven just cut the skin
into thin strips and for the ultimate
crunch
10 minutes in a hot oven will do it keep
an eye on it you don't want to burn it
after all that effort
[Music]
right let's have a look at the crackling
really really crispy look at that
enough for everyone and just listen as i
bang it on the dish
bit like pork scratchings my slow roast
hand and spring with melting onion gravy
and the wonderful coal cannon on the
side
what a celebration of ireland i can
think of nothing more warming than this
dish
and i'm ready to dig in right now
[Music]
you